Add list of prow pipelines in fast-integration tests readme (#10390)
kyma-project/kyma: tests/fast-integration/README.md

- Concise syntax (handling JSON responses from api-server or our test fixtures)
- Lighter dependencies (@kubernetes/client-node)
- Educational value for our customers who can read tests to learn how to use Kyma features (none of our customers write code in Go, they use JavaScript, Java, or Python)

> ### What pipelines use fast-integration tests?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Which pipelines use fast-integration tests?
```

> We have several pipelines, that use fast-integration tests. Below is the list with links to the Prow status page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have several pipelines that use fast-integration tests. See the list of pipelines with links to the Prow status page:
```

> Pipeline|Description|Infrastucutre

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pipeline | Description | Infrastructure
```

--|--|--|

> [pre-master-kyma-integration-k3s](https://status.build.kyma-project.io/?job=pre-master-kyma-integration-k3s) | runs on every PR, before merge to the master branch | k3s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[pre-master-kyma-integration-k3s](https://status.build.kyma-project.io/?job=pre-master-kyma-integration-k3s) | Job that runs on every PR before the merge to the `master` branch. | k3s
```

> [post-master-kyma-integration-k3s](https://status.build.kyma-project.io/?job=post-master-kyma-integration-k3s) | runs on every PR, after it is merged to the master branch | k3s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[post-master-kyma-integration-k3s](https://status.build.kyma-project.io/?job=post-master-kyma-integration-k3s) | Job that runs on every PR after it is merged to the `master` branch. | k3s
```

> [kyma-integration-k3s](https://status.build.kyma-project.io/?job=kyma-integration-k3s) | periodic job | k3s

Reviewer: It would be awesome to have this description elaborated 🤞

> [kyma-integration-production-gardener-azure](https://status.build.kyma-project.io/?job=kyma-integration-production-gardener-azure) | periodic job which tests kyma using production profile | Gardener, Azure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[kyma-integration-production-gardener-azure](https://status.build.kyma-project.io/?job=kyma-integration-production-gardener-azure) | Periodic job that tests the production profile in Kyma. | Gardener, Azure
```

> [kyma-integration-evaluation-gardener-azure](https://status.build.kyma-project.io/?job=kyma-integration-evaluation-gardener-azure) | periodic job which tests kyma using evaluation profile | Gardener, Azure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[kyma-integration-evaluation-gardener-azure](https://status.build.kyma-project.io/?job=kyma-integration-evaluation-gardener-azure) | Periodic job that tests the evaluation profile in Kyma. | Gardener, Azure
```
